Barclays Online Banking
How to order a replacement for a damaged card
Start by clicking 'Report damaged, lost or stolen card'
from the quick links section
or by going to the 'Manage accounts' tab.
Then select 'Report a damaged, lost or stolen card'
from the 'Card services’ section.
Now select the account your card is on
and the card that needs to be replaced.
Then select 'My card is damaged'.
Click 'Next'.
Check your delivery address is correct.
You'll be able to use your existing card
until your replacement card arrives.
Click 'Next'.
If the details are correct, click on
'Confirm new card order'.
And you're done.
Your new card is on its way and will
be with you within five working days.
Replacing a damaged card made easy
with Barclays Online Banking.